Do a write up for the followings:? 

1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 

HTTP 1.1
a. HTTP/2 can send single request for data over a single TCP connection.
b. URL loads slower. 
c. Uses text commands to complete request response cycles.
d. Server push capability not present.

HTTP2
a. HTTP/2 can send multiple requests for data in parallel over a single TCP connection.
b. URL loads fadster
c. Uses binary commands to complete request response cycles.
d. Server Push capability allows the server to send additional cacheable information to the client that isn’t requested but is anticipated in future requests.

2. http version history 


3. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs 

JS (Console)
1.	Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.	
2.	Javascript can only be run in the browsers.	
3.	It is basically used on the client-side.	
4.	Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM.	
5.	Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox.	
6.	Javascript is used in frontend development.	

NodeJS
1.	NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
2.	NodeJS code can be run outside the browser.
3.	It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.	Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.	Nodejs can only run in V8 engine of google chrome.
6.	Nodejs is used in server-side development.


4. what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?

1. Browser checks cache for DNS entry to find the corresponding IP address of website.
2. If not found in cache, ISP’s (Internet Service Provider) DNS server initiates a DNS query to find IP address of server that hosts the domain name.
3. Browser initiates a TCP (Transfer Control Protocol) connection with the server.
4. Browser sends an HTTP request to the web server. GET or POST request.
5. Server on the host computer handles that request and sends back a response. It assembles a response in some format like JSON, XML and HTML.
6. Server sends out an HTTP response along with the status of response.
7. Browser displays HTML content.
